[Music]
and sometimes of the year seasonal
changes make the currents especially
rich in nutrients and then the ocean
around the seamount becomes a virtual
soup of plankton
[Music]
at such times hunters gather in
astonishing numbers
bonito smaller relatives of the tuna
they're searching for still smaller
plankton feeders that have been
attracted by the bloom so are these
jacks and their prey is nearby
a school of ancho Vetta the straight-up
near the surface even though it's broad
daylight and hunters are on the prowl
these small fish can already feel the
vibrations of the approaching predators
swimming at speed they formed into a
ball and now they must wait for whatever
comes
they've been detected
and first the sheer scale of the bait
ball seems to daunt the pedicles
[Music]
but now the Benito arrived and launched
the first attack
still the bait ball holds together
the young yellowfin tuna move in the
speed of this attack is so great that
gradually groups of an schibetta are
splintered from the main fish ball
[Applause]
[Music]